Jessica Freeman: Morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning, how are you
Jessica Freeman: Super, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm okay good and bad.
Jessica Freeman: You don't sound good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sinuses
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's happening.
Jessica Freeman: You know, just another day.
Jessica Freeman: Are on the same you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Drug testing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What to do this week.
Jessica Freeman: Well,
Jessica Freeman: We'll be so proud of me.
Jessica Freeman: I
Jessica Freeman: Don't care about the president i got from my friend Amanda something always beauty bath stuff.
Jessica Freeman: So I use a bunch of it and like I had a whole like quarantine.
Jessica Freeman: spa day
Jessica Freeman: You know, just by myself and I write my hair because I was tired of looking like quarantine queen.
Jessica Freeman: Hadn't done it in months. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what's on your agenda.
Jessica Freeman: My air conditioner went out this morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
So,
Jessica Freeman: I don't know, like BOB'S GONNA COME OVER in a little bit and look at it.
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: If I'm supposed to get pretty warm today. So we will probably go to Nana's and swim in the pool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds like a great idea.
Jessica Freeman: Sounds like our only idea.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, he needs to get it fixed fast because like I run hot these days. I didn't used to run hot but I run hot now and my mom was like your main as like I'm 40 years old, you need to slow your roll.
Jessica Freeman: But yeah
Jessica Freeman: So the neighbor guy and I exchanged phone numbers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
Jessica Freeman: I've been doing a little texting was literally just happened like two days ago so
Jessica Freeman: Still, you know, friendly friendly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you guys talk about kids.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, the kids when my kids are doing what his kids are doing I'm
Jessica Freeman: Like, yes. Yesterday, or maybe the day before I finally know mommy. Can't do that right now. Sorry buddy, take a break and I finally he is and
Jessica Freeman: He's 47 yeah
Jessica Freeman: And he's like, how old are you, you look young. It was like thank you know I'm 40
Jessica Freeman: Looking 40 Rebecca
Jessica Freeman: Come here. Can your faces.
Jessica Freeman: No, I don't have any and I get nothing. Man, like I don't I don't have an agenda. I mean, I got it to us.
Jessica Freeman: Let's see, I contacted all the people about my bank account.
Jessica Freeman: And the erroneous charges and I followed up on that.
Jessica Freeman: And all my employment stuff done.
Jessica Freeman: Like dun dun like I put in like seven weeks worth of certifications still waiting on that but I put I opened a new bank account at Bank of America and
Jessica Freeman: My mom won't have access to this one, which is nice.
Jessica Freeman: I'm, I'm surprised they let me open my own bank account. Honestly, like before, like when I first opened up my account under my mom. I'm like, I couldn't get a bank accounts, but now I can, which is cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is cool.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so I got the option of like opening a state like a savings account that's attached to it, which put that on my agenda.
Jessica Freeman: I want to do that because I put my $55,341 tax return.
Jessica Freeman: Into my new account because my old account is with Chase and they don't have Chase here and then they gave me like a limit of $5,000
Jessica Freeman: For like mobile Check Deposit and it was over that. So I called him. I'm like can you raise that limit. And they were like, no, sorry. So I had to open a new account because like it will let you do anything, like so. My mom was like, Simon.
Jessica Freeman: And he was just right, you two separate checks you can revise it. But I'm like, I don't think so, because they won't even let you deposit cash and somebody
Jessica Freeman: Somebody else's account like you have to have your ID, it has to be your account. So I'm like, I'm gonna wait on that. So Bob and I went to his bank and we're like, can, can she thought, you know, Can I sign it over to him and then he deposits it and they were like,
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I really have much choice, but I got it done. Yes.
Jessica Freeman: Lots of cleaning I ordered a Father's Day gift. It should be here any day so I can package it up and ship it to my dad and
Jessica Freeman: I got all the ophthalmologist and vet stuff done for Quito I
Jessica Freeman: Got all his medicine and all of that.
Jessica Freeman: Good. I still have some things to do I still need to pull my credit report, I still need to call about my student loans to make sure I can get myself out of default for that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, now's a good time to do that for sure.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I was already on that track. I was on like month one of three and then they just started pre funding stuff. And I'm like, okay, but I really want to be out of default because I may want to get another loan.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because with everything that's going on there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that deferments our interest free. I know you know there's a lot of stuff that's coming up right now because of the corner virus for student loans.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I know now be a good time to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Jump on it.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, well, I really want is for them to be out of default. That's all I really want. I know.
Jessica Freeman: I had started that process and then all this happened so
Jessica Freeman: Let's see, what else
Jessica Freeman: I don't have anything else. Man, what the laundry zone, the dishes are done a vacuum yesterday.
Jessica Freeman: My bathrooms, like, half clean guess bathrooms totally clean I wash the sheets. I mean I stocked up on everything like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This good
Jessica Freeman: I watch Westworld for the fourth time this month.
Jessica Freeman: Have you seen it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I haven't.
Jessica Freeman: Well, it's really good. I'll say that.
Jessica Freeman: I had to rewatch these and one just or like watch a podcast on it because it was like, What is happening.
Jessica Freeman: And then Season two was Lou to violence, my taste. But then when it like where when it got where it was going. I was like, okay, cool and then Season three is wicked cool wicked effing cool you're honest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will when I have time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tonight to actually watch
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because I've been to watch if I like it.
Jessica Freeman: You'll binge watch Westworld. It's really good. I mean, like, about a year, year and a half ago. I watched maybe like the first 10 minutes of the first episode and I was like, man.
Jessica Freeman: But when you do that, you're not really giving a show the chance, you know, like I recommended Ozark to my mom and and they watched like the first 10 minutes. They're like, Oh, we're not really interested in that. I was like, You down at the
Jessica Freeman: End of the first episode. For fuck sake, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Like give it a fair shake so they binge watched Breaking Bad, with the whole thing and that's great. I mean, supported that you know we live in fucking Albuquerque. Right. So we did that.
Jessica Freeman: I've created a monster with my little boy he loves it when I grabbed like an arm and a leg and sweeping him.
Jessica Freeman: And throw him on
Jessica Freeman: various pieces of furniture. And so, you know, and it's fun like the first thousand times that we do it.
Jessica Freeman: Every, every single day, you know, but like my back is starting to her and like I get tired my muscles know and I'm like, I don't want to drop you because you know I'm worn out, dude. But he's looking relentless Rebecca
Jessica Freeman: He wants all the time and yesterday. He had like a complete meltdown over and I was like, dude, you have zapped all the joy from this you have made it. No, but
Jessica Freeman: We got a blue ring pop happening. Yeah, show Rebecca your blue mouth. Can you say, ah,
Ah,
Jessica Freeman: He's got a blue time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's things going for him with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: School and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Speech therapy and the stuff he was doing
Jessica Freeman: Nothing's open
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Still not
Jessica Freeman: Correct.
Jessica Freeman: And I mean, he gets most of the services through school and school hit the school year ended not
Jessica Freeman: Okay, at the end of last week. Yeah. And then he had this week completely off and he'll start. He has why he extended school year on Monday. So not only monday through thursday from 10 to 1030 which sucks donkey balls because my meeting is a 10
Jessica Freeman: And I'm gonna have to miss like the first 20 to 30 minutes of every meeting for the entire month of June, and I'm going to have to trade my chair day from Wednesday to Friday. And that's if she'll do it you know
Jessica Freeman: I'm
Jessica Freeman: kind of bummed about it because that's my meeting, man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's only for a couple weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's men's. It's not like it's permanent
Jessica Freeman: Or weeks, a month and How long am I going to get to attend meetings with my people from Indianapolis not going to last forever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, they could create Oh, they could create it's all my meeting and habit permanent, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Well, they're talking about doing that, but it's not it's not going to be the same. It's not going to be five days a week you know where everybody shows up.
Jessica Freeman: It's not going to be that way. It's probably gonna be some stragglers you know like me. I mean, they're talking about doing it, but it's not going to be the same.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not going to be this thing more changes.
Jessica Freeman: So, I mean, I might like see if I can get you know what I might do is just explain it to the group and be like, this is what's happening. So for the first first part of the meeting. I'm going to have you in my head.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, my video on and then when preschools over again on my laptop. He joined us what to do.
Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, guess what Mommy did super mom.
Jessica Freeman: I bought Mr little boy here, Mr key in a brand new iPad.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, wow. I know. Did you know that, like, I've always like my mom has always bought all the electronics. She's bought the diapers to thought tedious. Sure, you know, she's bought all of his clothes like forever. And so like I can do that now.
Jessica Freeman: I didn't, I can like
Jessica Freeman: Just take care of everything that I need to take care of. I mean, I hate to say this because, I mean, I shouldn't say in an organization, but the coronavirus has been really good to me.
Okay.
Jessica Freeman: It has
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nothing better than fine then finding yourself in a position of financial security, even for a while. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, no.
Jessica Freeman: $600, a week from the federal government okay like through the end of July, and they're talking about extending it or I don't even know what's going to happen there. But like it back dates to march 29 okay
Jessica Freeman: I'm gonna get a giant sum of money and I already have a giant sum of money. So this is my opportunity to become financially solvent
Jessica Freeman: And i'm not i'm not squandering it you know I didn't spend or deposit or I mean I bought patio furniture. I was very specific like I got a great deal.
Jessica Freeman: I'm not, I'm not being careless with this money but you know self care, baby. Treat yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As you're right.
Jessica Freeman: So I bought four new pair of like summer pajamas for Macy's so cute. Look at these.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now they are
Jessica Freeman: And they're comfy and I bought a new robe, which isn't here yet. But all the pajamas are adorable. And then I bought a couple like little
Jessica Freeman: clothing items from Target, nothing major. You know, if I go out to the store and I try a bunch of stuff on, then I might be in danger was a huge sum of money but when it's online. I don't know how it's gonna fit.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and I usually don't buy clothes, unless it's something that I put on and I'm like, Okay, I must have this, you know, if it's not great, then I don't buy it.
Jessica Freeman: Because not purvey
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's so funny. Isn't it crazy how we get in our own patterns of shopping and our expectations. And yeah, it's been tough, you know, not even being able to go to a store a regular store to buy a pair of flip flops.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy to me.
Jessica Freeman: I agree, man.
Jessica Freeman: I've done some online shopping that you just never know what you're going to get. I got this really cute pair of boat shoes.
Jessica Freeman: But then it turned out that they were too small, even though I ordered them in my size. So now I have two pair of shoes, one of which I'm going to have to return. Eventually, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You better go sooner than later, because they give you like 10 most places. Give you time limits on her.
Jessica Freeman: Well, they've extended it because they don't have like in store stuff happening so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay, good.
Jessica Freeman: So I have I have I have time
Jessica Freeman: But, um, oh oh you're something awesome happen. So I was, you know, reading, like the, you know, scrolling through like the local headlines. I do this on Facebook and you know feeds me stuff from the local news because I don't like to watch like the actual news.
Jessica Freeman: I read like here's what I do I turn on the news and I keep it muted. And then I just read like the scrolling strip is going along the bottom, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Keep
Jessica Freeman: Keep up on. Oh, OK, we have you know 5.6 million coronavirus fires cases globally. Okay. Um, and I read that and then that's it.
Jessica Freeman: But then, anyway. So I got this in my news feed from Facebook locally here in Albuquerque. The Burke and it said the dare that the New Mexico public education department was conducting like a survey for like parents and
Jessica Freeman: People that have kids that are in school here in like the entire state.
Jessica Freeman: So I took that survey and I got to voice my opinion, like they had boxes where you could put stuff in and
Jessica Freeman: You know, I said when I needed a tag. I said, you know, the little kids and the special needs kids need to be in person. So safety parameters, need to be put into place. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: You know, the middle and high school kids like the typical kids older ones, let them continue e learning. Okay, and then use it in the middle and high schools to be able to, you know, spread out and you know put these parameters in place.
Jessica Freeman: Those kids back in school, as soon as possible. Man, I can't even tell you like the behavioral regression. He needs his fucking therapies, Rebecca.
Jessica Freeman: I need him to have them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool. I love when you're able to voice, stuff like that, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. It made me feel like I actually had a little bit of a voice which was nice.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got all kinds of stuff that's going on. Just keep him busy and, you know, completing list and meet neighbors and just living life to the fullest.
Jessica Freeman: As best I can right now. Yeah, as best I can I can I tell you something. Yeah, I know I've touched on this before, but I'm going to get into it.
Jessica Freeman: I hate group therapy. Okay, I have been through it for years. This. Can I switch. Can I be in a group with you because Dominic is all like, let's look at this picture of an angel and listen to Native American music and tell me how you feel.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, oh, I'm saying, like, don't waste my time at the shed, like, okay, so she seriously last night she puts this picture on and she's like, just, you know, right.
Jessica Freeman: So I wrote this is what I'm writing while I listen, I didn't read this to her. I didn't read this, but I'll read it to you and said, oh, and she's like tied into your recovery.
Jessica Freeman: With your recovery all touchy feely bullshit crunchy granola, I
Jessica Freeman: Had to live in a recovery house for about four months during that time. A lot of things are Irritating. Annoying and unpleasant, like this. MUSIC
Jessica Freeman: I felt like a lot of the recovery stuff was nonsense. In the beginning, just like this. MUSIC I had to be uncomfortable like 99% of the time, just like with this news.
Jessica Freeman: So like when she's like Oh, share, you know, what did you write, you know, I said that, it reminded me of when I had to stay in the recovery house and how I learned to be more tolerant of people and things around me that it was important in recovery to just be uncomfortable. Sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what you told her you didn't tell her I don't like this music. I don't like no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, that was very respectful.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I wouldn't
Jessica Freeman: I wouldn't want to. I'm not trying to be like that.
Jessica Freeman: You know, back in early recovery. I totally would have like opened up a can and just but but dude. You should hear a really good story. Okay. But back when I was in early recovery.
Jessica Freeman: I was going to therapy and group therapy individual therapy and I grew up like three times a week and like intensive I. O. P.
Jessica Freeman: So,
Jessica Freeman: It was summertime and
Jessica Freeman: Kim was living with me or staying staying with me. I think at the time I didn't have him back yet. No, that was when I was living in Speedway. So, okay, I'll plug you in
Jessica Freeman: Much better. So, all right. So you have to get to group on time, because if you don't get to group on time that close the doors and you can't come back. Now I know this and I'm a very conscientious person when it comes to these things. I'm always early. I don't know if you notice, but um
Jessica Freeman: So my mom was supposed to come and get kin, so that I could leave and get there on time and she was late.
Jessica Freeman: She made me late, so I am flying like a bat out of hell. I'm trying to get there because honestly it like my therapist at the time I was
Jessica Freeman: In Brittany's group and then Brittany was my actual therapist, and I work together for like three and a half years total and you know I have like mad love for it. We went through so much together.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, um, so, Brittany, was the was the group leader and I'm driving, driving super fast and I get there and I'm waiting three minutes and they wouldn't let me back.
Jessica Freeman: Now, Jessica, without emotional regulation and Jessica without coping skills.
Jessica Freeman: was hot. I was mad at me like I called her and I left her this long as rambling voicemail that how it was bullshit and like it wasn't my fault. And all these you know excuses bullshit crazy behavior.
Jessica Freeman: But that's not all the group room was like next to the parking lot and so I drove my car and parked it in front of the group room so that everybody could see me outside. I sat on top of my car and basically did like a say anything moment.
Mm hmm.
Jessica Freeman: I stayed there for like 45 minutes
Jessica Freeman: I was mad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your intended group anyway.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, but that was my statement, you know, I'm actually kind of famous around there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For emotion rugged unregulated
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not ready to mention
Jessica Freeman: Well I, I was alive wire. When I got there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now.
Jessica Freeman: You see my life.
Jessica Freeman: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Say, leave the it's
Jessica Freeman: It's great, though. Like, I'm so much happier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So are you planning on ever heard from your work. I don't
Jessica Freeman: Know, but I'm not planning on going back there anyway so absolutely good
Jessica Freeman: Why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just wondering if they have reached out, you know, I have this other girl that I work with, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She started her job right before this all happened to and her new bosses. It's like they put everybody all of their employees on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On a text chat and so they check in with them regularly every week, making sure that they're, you know, they don't need anything, and how can they support them and you know just really supportive, which is something that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is unheard of really in a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In a lot of employment, these days, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was just wondering if they were doing, had they done any reaching out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Man, you know,
Jessica Freeman: He went outside. I need to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: You can come with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it sunny today.
Jessica Freeman: Every day, Rebecca.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, he just took his iPad outside, you should thinking around on patio furniture.
Jessica Freeman: Like
Jessica Freeman: What else you want to talk about, hey, have you had any success with that. Like I'm putting together a group of, you know, autism moms that are losing their damn minds like me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Actually, let's see. I had
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You and somebody else that was kind of lined up for it and then it kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just dissipated, we can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Combine a time where we can do a group with you and her
Jessica Freeman: Two of us. That's weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A support, support group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have to ask her again.
Jessica Freeman: But just two people together. That's kind of weird rarely
Goes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, two people make a meeting.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: But I get in my mind, and I could set this aside, I really could. But in my mind. It would be like, kind of like your guidance counselor like bringing you into her office and like there's another girl there and and the guidance counselor's like I think you guys should be friends, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The third girl, I have to touch base with her again and see if it's something that she's willing to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I did ask her once, but that was a few weeks ago so
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's just gotten crazy, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's crazy life.
Jessica Freeman: What's your life crazy, we're
Jessica Freeman: Going to talk about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, ma'am. No, no, no. So what are we gonna. What are you going to put on your list this week.
Jessica Freeman: Email Dr. Solomon and see if I can switch effing groups. I don't think I can handle Dominique anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wednesday night group. Dr. Coleman and I do Friday group at 130 it's a full group. I mean, there's a lot of people there, but um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a cool group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Well, I would like, I would like to do that and the time of day would be better to because you know I can.
Jessica Freeman: There's definitely a better chance of getting childcare at that time of day and like the Wednesday night is like right before bed time we really went it lets out his bedtime. So when I'm you know
Jessica Freeman: Can we have a routine at that time. And I don't get to do that on Wednesdays and I think he suffers for it because you know he needs to cuddles and stuff.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ours is Friday at 130
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Laughter Now it's like that. And if it's a cool group. Awesome, my group looks like a bunch of fucking criminals. In fact, most of them are
Jessica Freeman: Which is fine. Okay, I'm a fucking criminal too but you know these like hardcore face tattooed guys that are like prison people like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Prison.
Jessica Freeman: No judgment, but it would be nice to like have peers that early similar
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm trying to think.
Jessica Freeman: Did they all have face tattoos and your group.
Jessica Freeman: Why am I not in that group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even the females.
Jessica Freeman: Know the females are just kind of come and gone.
Jessica Freeman: There's one older lady that's been there forever and she's only on like half a milligram of fucking Suboxone. I'm like, it would be worth it to me to just quit entirely just to save myself that our
Jessica Freeman: Seriously, but I'm know the girls, there was this chick named Wendy and she was fucking nightmare.
Jessica Freeman: Sound like
Jessica Freeman: A combination of Jersey Shore and like la bimbo
Mm hmm.
Jessica Freeman: She taught like through a nose.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, no judgment, but she was, you know, people get on like when it's their turn to speak and just talk about nothing like nonsense.
Jessica Freeman: And then there was a new girl there last night. Her name's Atlanta and she was she's I guess she's only there because she's got like rheumatoid arthritis and she needs the payments.
Jessica Freeman: So all she did was talk about the joys of rheumatoid arthritis, with which I can't really relate with that.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. All right.
Jessica Freeman: So I can face tattoos.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're gonna call to our email Dr element. Yes, and ask him.
Jessica Freeman: Yes. So that's yes I should write that down.
Jessica Freeman: I'm like, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I had this idea. I was thinking that, you know, to figure out the best educational course for myself, I would look at the jobs that I want and look at the requirements.
Jessica Freeman: Uh huh, but done that I took a few screenshots of
Jessica Freeman: Like certifications and like but but almost every, every job requires a bachelor's degree and I don't have that. And I don't want to get that I don't want to commit to a bachelor's degree.
Jessica Freeman: They're
Jessica Freeman: already overwhelmed at the idea
Jessica Freeman: I wanted to
Jessica Freeman: Do I'm
Jessica Freeman: Continuing to look into the educational thing.
Jessica Freeman: And see
Jessica Freeman: What I can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Would you do it online, or would you do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You would do it online. Hmm.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely it's a lot better. I think
Jessica Freeman: Safer and, you know, with my time with my obligations.
Jessica Freeman: Easier to do it online, but I will still I need him distracted. You know, I need him.
Jessica Freeman: cared for. But, you know, maybe I can call the babysitter. Vanessa. I haven't seen her since the whole thing started. So maybe I can get her over here and be like, hey, so this is my class time and that means that you need to keep him the fuck away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're pretty. It's very self as self disciplined. You know what I mean, because there's no wall in the schools. I went to, there's no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Chat meeting. There's no group meeting. There's no it's, you know, you go into this portal you you know get what the syllabus says that you got to do for the week and you pull out the information and you might have to respond to an email or a string you know about the subject.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that's really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You do your assignment you turned it in have it turned in by Sunday go about today.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I've taken a couple online courses in the past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't
Jessica Freeman: I didn't have much self discipline, at the time, but I do feel like, you know, it could be
Jessica Freeman: I could do. I could do it. I could make that work. I could, but not for fucking bachelor's degree. I can't
Years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Online so i two years.
Jessica Freeman: What a bachelor's
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, no way. Yeah. All right. Research to your bachelor's degree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Most of them are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Most I have to keep
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: reframing it because most of the ones that I looked into, and that I engaged it because I went to three different different schools online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And University of Phoenix was for my A Ashford University was my bachelor's and then North Central University was my masters.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And each one was to your senses.
Jessica Freeman: Then I gotta look at the money aspect.
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Jessica Freeman: How I want to get a loan for all of that.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know.
Jessica Freeman: I just don't. I just don't. I just don't know. I don't know. I don't know, but I will continue doing research I've done some I'll do more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gather your plaques.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Figure out what direction you want to go in it.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I know what I want to do I want to do coding and web development.
Jessica Freeman: And I want to like eventually like
Jessica Freeman: Paying my own shingle and work for myself, but I want, I need the skills and I need the certification.
Jessica Freeman: I don't want to go to one of those schools where like you just learn how to code. But then you don't have anything to show for it.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sense, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What else, what else could you put on your list.
Jessica Freeman: Well, let me run this by you.
Jessica Freeman: So Brendan stab
Jessica Freeman: You know hates me because I broke his heart. And I think we've been through all that hates me hates me hates me that I've made all the immense I can possibly make to him my side streets totally clean
Jessica Freeman: Okay. And then the other baby daddy because Scott's my ex ex husband so Keon baby daddy and Collin.
Jessica Freeman: Collin is in his 20s, he's
Jessica Freeman: In active alcoholism undiagnosed. He's hasn't hit bottom yet, I guess, I don't know. You know how we delude ourselves but
Jessica Freeman: He's broke. He's not smart. He's been
Jessica Freeman: Out of work because he's a server slash bartender and like he just refuses to do anything else like his mom his grandma me every girlfriend, he's ever had has been up is asked to do something else. But he just won't
Jessica Freeman: And he says he's not getting unemployment and I'm like dude, if you're not working right now because of the pandemic, you are old.
Jessica Freeman: Unemployment, he's like, well, it just didn't work out and trying things which makes no sense. But that's how he is right. So I bring up the baby daddies and here's where I'm going with that.
Jessica Freeman: Neither of them ever does shift for me on Mother's Day ever
Jessica Freeman: I think Collin did when we were together, but that was four years ago.
Jessica Freeman: I'm
Jessica Freeman: Sure. We'll do something for my baby daddies for Father's Day, like I get no love, but should I like be the bigger person and do something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does the boys do something
Jessica Freeman: I know I mean can kiss me a Happy Mother's Day slobber you know
Jessica Freeman: Lots of hugs and kisses. But no, you know, D. It's not going to do anything and then Brendan, I get texts. Happy Mother's Day text. Happy Birthday tips.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think you have anything to to there's no part in that that you know unless you're you're helping can do something to send you know, send his dad something that's about the only thing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you don't play a part in that. That's not, no.
Jessica Freeman: No, and I know and like, I'm just, I'm saying. I'm saying what's in my head to you. I don't like I'm not like
Jessica Freeman: That's not good enough or, you know, me, me, me. I just like I just graciously accept what I get. And you know I don't expect anything
Jessica Freeman: More I'm good. I don't need anything but I'm not even necessarily trying to be the bigger person, per se, but like, I don't know. It feels like the right thing to do to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Jessica Freeman: You know, say something to the fathers of your children.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know, I don't see anything any thing wrong with us, you know, Happy Father's Day, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really the extent of it. It's up to you. What do you want to do.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. I bet this around in my head every year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you want to to send them something for Father's Day card something
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. The funny thing is, is, imagine what your older sons dad would say if he got something from you offset or Father's Day. You know what I mean, like, wow, what is this already hating on you.
Jessica Freeman: I'm sure you know fucking though because he's. I mean, he's, he's a small person. He's just a small person and
Jessica Freeman: He's done like
Jessica Freeman: Not all, but 95% of the parenting with Brendan since he was four years old.
Jessica Freeman: Mm hmm. So for Scott, you know, he's a father like he's actually doing the dad thing live in the dad life so
Jessica Freeman: I do think that it's like
Jessica Freeman: It's appropriate to be like, Hey, you know, I see that you've done this and you're you're doing this and Brennan's a great kid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I don't see anything wrong with that when you put it in that context with what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know he has
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Been available been taking care of them. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now I don't that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A whole nother scenario.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I mean, I just told you what was in my head. I would never, like say or act.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do it.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just do it. Just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, if it's in your head and you're able to do it. There's nothing wrong with being kind you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially in this scenario.
Jessica Freeman: And I should do something for bad
Jessica Freeman: This is the first Father's Day. He's been around.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you probably should do something for him.
Jessica Freeman: Father's Day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Father's Day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Father's Day stuff is June 12 know
Jessica Freeman: Later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: It's later in the month.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you're still contact in contact with your sponsor on a regular basis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything's going really well.
Jessica Freeman: I haven't talked to my sponsor in a couple months.
Oh, why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't you guys work on this.
Jessica Freeman: So we'll
Jessica Freeman: I don't know, it's my fault.
Jessica Freeman: I don't we all know each other very well. We just met like once or twice before this whole thing went down.
Jessica Freeman: It took me a minute when I moved here to like pick somebody that I wanted to be my sponsor.
Jessica Freeman: And then, you know, we met up
Jessica Freeman: In a few times and she's cool and then when all pandemic stuff came down. I was like, hey, you know, let's meet on zoom and she was like, Yeah, that's a great idea. I was like, Okay, I'll set it up and then I just never did. And I haven't talked to her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So maybe reconnecting in and making phone calls and getting to know the person that's your sponsor.
Jessica Freeman: I just haven't connected here.
Jessica Freeman: In Albuquerque.
Jessica Freeman: With a right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you've got a strong connection. You know what I mean. Back where you're from and you have to develop
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. That's how it works. So in order for you to get to know her, and to be able to even figure out if she's somebody that you even want to do any work with you know that's something else. If you've only matter twice. I'm sure that that trust levels, not even
Jessica Freeman: Well, we met more liable, more than twice enough for me to be like, Yeah, this is a good bit i mean i do i do like her. I like a program. And I think we both have same goals.
Jessica Freeman: In our programs.
Jessica Freeman: I mean i i definitely I like I want her to be my sponsor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'd probably be time to start contacting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Reaching out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Begin I wanna
Jessica Freeman: I know you know it didn't even occur to me for like
Jessica Freeman: Weeks and then I mean it's not in my daily purview, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I don't even think about it. I need to
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Oh, I did want to. I did want to tell you that, um, you know, I think I mentioned that I got some new a literature.
Jessica Freeman: Mm hmm. So I have been trying to incorporate that into my morning like everyday read, you know, between two and four meditations.
Jessica Freeman: And spend some more time, like in the books. So I've been doing that. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. Have you checked out any of the literature for women for sobriety.
Jessica Freeman: Not yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There they have something in there that's called
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I call it affirmations.
Jessica Freeman: Me last week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The store or the, the other reports.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That are on the last page two are pretty powerful. And it wouldn't hurt always no matter how good we feel about ourselves. It's always good to have that reinforcement reinforcement going on, you know,
Jessica Freeman: It's women for sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Jessica Freeman: I didn't write it down last week. So now it's down
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, definitely. And that is a good, that's another good place right to be able to you know adventure out with your support system, the
Jessica Freeman: People there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, there are people there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are. It's way different than
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A or na. I mean, it's way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Smaller, it takes more time to get a, you know, to get actually acclimated into any kind of meetings there it's I have yet to get that far.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's you the page that you go to, you put your zip code in it or your zip code in it and it tells you where there's meetings, it tells you the contact person, then you have to email the contact person and let them know you're interested in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, getting involved in attending meetings for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just, yeah. It takes a little bit more, but I can tell you that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From other people that I know that attend
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty powerful.
Jessica Freeman: Well, that's what I'm looking for.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That would be something also to do and you're What books are you reading
Jessica Freeman: Well, I got a big book and I got the 12 and 12 and I've got living sober. And I thought, as Bill sees it and daily reflection reflections and 24 hours a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice, nice.
Jessica Freeman: I also bought drop the wrong because I gave my copy to response he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Never got it back, which
Jessica Freeman: Way it goes
Jessica Freeman: Right cost of doing business.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, I've given away a lot of literature. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, it is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're not that expensive but
Jessica Freeman: No they're not. And that person has it in their possession now and and I'm good with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have a list it's it's smaller list, then the last couple, but you've just gone through and did all of these things that you were putting it with that you put on your list.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it would some sense of accomplishment. Yeah, and you know, how do you build self esteem, you do see mobile apps. So I feel like all that's going well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're in total good place.
Jessica Freeman: I don't think that I'm like nailing everything but I'm making progress. I'm doing fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You right where you were, were you supposed to be. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And I didn't mean commerce or things because
Jessica Freeman: I don't know why I just like, I don't know why I know that I need one. I know I need to work with my sponsor. I don't know.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I know. Wait, I'm an alcoholic.
Jessica Freeman: So they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me how many times this week, you're going to call her.
Jessica Freeman: Three.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I have another piece of like
Jessica Freeman: Huge news. I can't believe I just am remembering this line have to go on camera off camera for just a second.
Okay.
Jessica Freeman: I told you, my friend, my brother.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Told me a little bit. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, so
Jessica Freeman: If I said to you that my brother is like
Jessica Freeman: divorcing his beautiful, wonderful, amazing life that is way too good for him and is coming here to Albuquerque, and is going to live at my mom and Bob's house.
What
Jessica Freeman: For months, and he's got like 90 days to like get establishes wants to get his teaching certificate and get a job and like live here for like a year.
Jessica Freeman: Would you understand the magnitude of that for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why that is crazy. I thought he wasn't didn't want to come back over here and that he was happy over there and
Jessica Freeman: I guess he has paid. This is what he said to mom about he hasn't had a plan B for a long time. So he wants to like rebound regroup and he needs a soft place to land.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Has anybody talked to his wife, what's really going on.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, well, I'm staying out of it. I'm staying out of the whole thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I don't blame you.
Jessica Freeman: But if that happens.
Jessica Freeman: I've already processed through the fact that I can't control it. Okay. I can't control his behavior. I can control what he says and does. I can't control the Fozzie going to be here, the fact that, like his his his presence generally disrupts everything in my life and I can't change him.
Jessica Freeman: I've already gone through all this. I can't live in fear.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now,
Jessica Freeman: So I'm trying to practice some acceptance. I also i do intend to set clear boundaries and maintain them.
Good.
Jessica Freeman: Good.
Jessica Freeman: Underneath all that
Jessica Freeman: Fuck my fucking life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When is this supposed to happen.
Soon.
Jessica Freeman: Within weeks, I guess, Adams going to get here. And he'll have 14 days in quarantine.
Jessica Freeman: And then by the time he's done with that Brendan will be here. My dad is going to drive his camper out and stay for about five weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, your whole family.
Jessica Freeman: I know I'm excited about that. I just, if we could just take Adam out of it. It would be much better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, this will be a great time for you to practice tolerance acceptance, right, keeping your side of the street clean
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Brandon wants to get key in into soccer Brendan love soccer I fucking hate soccer I have lived through enough soccer game for a fucking lifetime.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm like,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, soccer.
Jessica Freeman: And then Adam wants to have his influence over Brendan like he wants to get him to travel and like you should go to Europe and Southeast Asia and like backpack and go to Australia man and Brendan's like just wants to go back to Indiana and go to Purdue.
Jessica Freeman: And then my dad, he's always an interesting. He has no filter Rebecca zero
Jessica Freeman: He says most inappropriate shit but he means well. He's harmless.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. It'll be weird whole thing's gonna be super fucking weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will be weird. And what I know is that you have time under your belt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're very
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Logical minded and that you're going to persevere through this whole thing with having good times to even with your brother.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you're not in the same place. You know what to expect. You know what I mean, you're
Jessica Freeman: He's in
Jessica Freeman: He's an active alcoholic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you're not you've got a program of recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you think about it.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: It's just keep reminding myself all the stuff that I already have, like, I have to remind myself of it like 5 million times because I will live in fear and I will let it lock me up and I will
Jessica Freeman: And I'll try to fix manage and control the whole thing. So I have to just keep reminding myself that it is out of my control is totally 100% beyond
Jessica Freeman: I'm not God, I can't wake on, you know, Adams going to do what he does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, have no control there. Yeah, definitely. It's going to be a good time for you to be able to really hone really practice, you'll be able to see things that you still need to practice on versus the things that you completely know the right way to do things. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you're going to do fine. I think it's gonna be fine. I think that you're probably and this is just my perception, you're going to be focused on the boys and dad and other things that you may distance yourself a little bit from your brother, brother stuff, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I mean it's kind of
Jessica Freeman: Thing.
Jessica Freeman: But I'm not, I'm
Jessica Freeman: Not gonna let that happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't
Jessica Freeman: You. I mean, honestly, Rebecca, like Adam needs to hit bottom so badly.
Jessica Freeman: He really needs to
Jessica Freeman: I mean, I told before I went through this whole acceptance and control and all this stuff. And I told Mama, Bob. I was like, you guys. You guys make sure he knows he's coming back, you're waving the white flag of surrender, you know, but he I can't control that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, you can't.
Jessica Freeman: Be Darren anyway.
Jessica Freeman: It is, you know, I will think about ways that I can mentally and emotionally
Prepare
Jessica Freeman: For the impending doom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, making those phone calls to your sponsors definitely one way
Jessica Freeman: All right, all right, all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I am going to close this meeting and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you next week.
Jessica Freeman: All right, you have a good one. And I hope you feel better. Take some airborne
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Taken flown A's and, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Airborne boost that immune system.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Jessica Freeman: I will keep you know keep you from getting like sick, but it'll make you less sick for a shorter time. I swear by airborne. Take care. Bye.
Jessica Freeman: Early and i will i right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't forget to email Dr element and maybe I'll see you in group on Friday tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: All right, yeah.
Okay.